due in large part to my extraordinary
laziness I don't usually prepare my own
meals I mean that's why Jesus invented
take out but i'm pretty sure that frying
stuff doesn't require electricity at
least not an open beam of electricity
and even if it did i mean i think
there's probably a difference between
frying things and electrocuting them
that line is crossed and don't fry the
frog feel like I should be wearing
rubber gloves don't fry the Frog is both
a brand new app store game and a command
that in this particular case is
virtually impossible to obey much as
you'd like not to you will fry the frog
that will be electrocuted to death ah
have you have you no conscience so grim
reaper
the debut project of the independent
developer black torch games don't fry
the frog is built entirely around
multi-touch with two fingers on the
iPhone you summon a beam of electricity
between them a beam you can manipulate
simply by moving your fingers so move
them further apart sand the beam grows
pinch them together and the beam shrinks
the beam shrinks it was in the pool so
you move this beam and you use it to
electrocute flies see there's a frog on
the screen and apparently it's on a
strict diet he's only allowed to eat
so-called healthy flies which means you
have to zap all the bad flies while
doing your best not to fry the frog and
it's the title if the frog eats a bad
fly it actually gets fatter which forces
both you and its heart to work harder so
it's a really simple concept but the
game throws in plenty of twists to keep
things interesting the healthy flies are
essentially the game's power-ups so if
the frog eats one of the blue flies it
temporarily freezes him and I'll let you
kill all the other flies on screen
without having to worry about the Frog
getting in your way although I mean
again I don't cook a lot and I eat with
a blatant disregard for my own health
but since when is a meal that renders
you in mobile considered the healthy
option countering the effects of those
healthy flies is a selection of flies
that are even less healthy than the
normal ones some of them are on fire
some are infected and if the frog eats
one of those it's obviously bad news
don't fry the Frog is really frantic and
it usually only takes about a minute or
so for things to get difficult in fact
it kind of reminds me of the fly
swatting game and Mario Paint only with
really sweet multi touch controls and
more replay value you can purchase
several kinds of helpful upgrades you
can also change either combos by keeping
your fingers on the screen which is
easier said than done this is a
fantastic iphone game that
really utilizes the strengths of the
platform the multi touch controls are
great and while it can be difficult to
see the screen when you have you know
two hands moving all over the place
that's actually part of the fun it's
simple it's addictive it somehow makes
extermination fun you might call that
shocking it's don't fry the Frog for the
iPhone